\documentclass[11pt]{article}
\title{GFW: Protection or censorship?\\ \large A brief overview on China's Great Firewall system}
\author{Hengyi Li}
\newcommand{\name}{Hengyi Li}
\usepackage[paper=letterpaper, margin=1in, headheight=13.6pt]{geometry}
\usepackage{fancyhdr}
\pagestyle{fancy}
\cfoot{Page \thepage}

\usepackage[parfill]{parskip}
\usepackage{amsmath}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{fancyvrb}
\usepackage{upquote}
\usepackage{multicol}
\usepackage{hyperref}

\begin{document}
\maketitle
\bibliographystyle{mla}
\section{Introduction}

The Internet has come a long way today. As a bridge for the flow of information,
it carries the thoughts, ideas, opinions and needs of all people. However,
because of the value attributes of information, the flow of information may
inadvertently touch the interests of certain people or groups. This may lead to
theft by criminals, or it may be a threat to national security, but in any case,
the network firewall has been built as a result. In China, there also exists
such a wall, which is not only able to defend against cyber-attacks from outside
the country, but at the same time, and most importantly, prevents the flow of
network traffic from within the country to outside the country. This is the
subject of this article - The Great Firewall.

\section{Background}
Great Firewall (hereinafter referred to as GFW) is a traffic censorship and
attack defense system based on Cisco's intrusion detection system \cite{CISCO}.
This defense system combines active and passive detection capabilities to censor
China's Internet traffic \cite{DetectBlockShadowSocks}. As far as we know from
our testing, the system is running on IPV4, but we have no way of knowing if the
system is compatible with IPV6 as well. The main reason for this is that IPV6 is
not very popular in China, and even if we could ask the carriers to enable it,
they would not be very willing to do so for security reasons, and it would
require a series of very complicated procedures to complete.

What's worse, the GFW is still a black box system for outsiders and researchers,
and the existence of the system is not recognized at the national level, and
there is no official documentation about the system. All research into the
system is currently in the ``poke around and see what happend'' phase, so most
of the results and findings below come from community organizations and web
forum members. We would like to thank the members and contributors of the gfw.
repot \cite{GFWReport} website for providing a wealth of documentation and
experimental data without which we would not have been able to gain such a deep
understanding of GFW. In order to begin to understand how the GFW network in
China works, we need to first understand the composition of the network
structure in China, which has a huge difference with here in the U.S.

Now, China's Internet is divided into two parts, the national intranet and the
international network. Since 2013, China's internet technology companies have
grown and expanded into a wide range of industries, creating an ecosystem of
apps for every need and an internal loop. For example, we have Bilibili, which
is the Chinese version of Youtube. We have Baidu, which is the Chinese version
of Google We have Weibo to replace the Twitter, we have WeChat to replace the
Facebook and WhatsApp and the alternate to Apple Pay/Google Pay and a series of
other payment tools in China is Alipay and WeChat Pay. Every application you
know, we have a alternative version and it's optimized just for Chinese market.
Everything we need is in the intranet, so most of people choose to live in a
environment like this. But what it brings is the information cocoon. Because the
Chinese language is so special, learning English can be much more difficult for
Chinese people than it is for Americans learning Spanish. The rising cost of
learning means that most people won't bother to learn the language, and thus the
breadth of the information stream they receive on a daily basis will become
narrower and narrower. Unfortunately, because of the speciality of the Chinese
language and its strong historical and cultural ties, the Chinese language media
is mostly limited to the territory of China and the GFW exacerbates this
situation by making it more difficult to access foreign media.

That's not what we want, and it's not what we want to see the Internet will
become. Information should flow freely, and anyone should be able to access as
much information as they want without compromising national security.
Communication between people should not be hindered by the advent of technology,
and unfortunately, GFW is one of the technologies that builds barriers. It
didn't come about by accident, but because of a combination of historical
legacies and improvisational decisions. For the sake of safety, we will only
discuss its technical aspects here, and we would start by discussing the network
architecture legacy.

\section{China's internet architecture}
In China, the Internet architecture consists of layers and layers of NATs, and
most people do not have public IPs. there are only three Internet Service
Providers (ISPs) in China, China Mobile, China Unicom and China Telecom, all of
which are state-owned enterprises. All three are state-owned enterprises. All
three companies are state-owned and have a monopoly on the supply of cell phones,
TV, and Internet services in China. The reason for these three providers to use
Carrier Grade NAT is that China has too many network devices, and IPV4 addresses
are limited, coupled with a large population base, which makes China face the
problem of insufficient IPV4 addresses earlier than other countries in the world.
The use of carrier grade NAT can be a very convenient solution to this problem
and also brings more convenient network device management mechanism.



\newpage
\bibliography{GFW-Brief.bib}
\begin{thebibliography}{9}
	\bibitem{DetectBlockShadowSocks} Anonymous, et al. \textit{``How China Detects
		and Blocks Shadowsocks.''} GFW Report, 29 Dec. 2019, gfw.
	report/blog/gfw\_shadowsocks. Accessed 11 Jan. 2024.

	\bibitem{GFWReport} Great Firewall Report. \textit{``Great Firewall Report.''}
	Great Firewall Repor, Dec. 2019, gfw.report. Accessed 11 Jan. 2024.

	\bibitem{CISCO}
	Schaack, Beth Van. \textit{``China's Golden Shield: Is Cisco Systems Complicit?''} Center
	for Internet and Society, 24 Mar. 2015, cyberlaw.stanford.edu/blog/2015/03/china\%E2\%80\%99s-golden-shield-cisco-systems-complicit.
	Accessed 11 Jan. 2024.

\end{thebibliography}
\end{document}
