www.baidu.com did not resolve
github.com did not resolve
www.truman.edu did not resolve
ipv6.google.com did not resolve
ipv6.test-ipv6.com did not resolve
ipv6.eurov6.org did not resolve
ipv6.ripe.net did not resolve
ipv6.facebook.com did not resolve
ipv6.bbc.co.uk did not resolve
ipv6.microsite.prod.nic.ad.jp did not resolve
www.v6.facebook.com did not resolve
ipv6.youtube.com did not resolve
ipv6.twitter.com did not resolve
ipv6.xnxx.com did not resolve
ipv6.netflix.com did not resolve
ipv6.apnic.net did not resolve
ipv6.baidu.com did not resolve
ipv6.sina.com.cn did not resolve
ipv6.taobao.com did not resolve
ipv6.juniper.net did not resolve
ipv6.wipo.int did not resolve
ipv6.cloudflare.com did not resolve
ipv6.apple.com did not resolve
ipv6.ibm.com did not resolve
ipv6.microsoft.com did not resolve
www.reddit.com did not resolve
www.twitter.com did not resolve
www.wordpress.com did not resolve
www.vimeo.com did not resolve
www.tumblr.com did not resolve
www.slack.com did not resolve
www.github.com did not resolve
www.soundcloud.com did not resolve
www.quora.com did not resolve
www.pinterest.com did not resolve
www.snapchat.com did not resolve
www.twitch.tv did not resolve
www.periscope.tv did not resolve
www.disqus.com did not resolve
www.dailymotion.com did not resolve
www.meetup.com did not resolve
www.tiktok.com did not resolve
www.twitter.com did not resolve
www.tiktok.com did not resolve
www.snapchat.com did not resolve
www.reddit.com did not resolve
www.pinterest.com did not resolve
www.tumblr.com did not resolve
www.quora.com did not resolve
www.wechat.com did not resolve
www.vimeo.com did not resolve
www.dailymotion.com did not resolve
www.twitch.tv did not resolve
www.discord.com did not resolve
www.vk.com did not resolve
www.kuaishou.com did not resolve
www.meetup.com did not resolve
www.periscope.tv did not resolve
